Update benefits-of-git.md (#2520)
enkidevs/curriculum: git/essentials/intro-git/benefits-of-git.md

3. Something happened with the main version? **Recreate it** using a local version.

> 4. It seems your new code introduces an unfore
> seen bug. **Revert** the change until you find a fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. It seems your new code introduces an unforeseen bug. **Revert** the change until you find a fix.
```
